There are a couple of ways you can do access control in S3.
One is by using policies and the other is by using access control lists.
We're going to cover the access control list or ACLs a bit later on in this section.
However first I want to cover policies so on the left hand side of your screen here you can see a policy
and this is written in JavaScript object notation.
JSON, and you can see the version and then you get a statement and there's a security identifier or
identifier for this particular statement.
There's an action which in this case is S3 list for my bucket.
So that is the actual privilege and then the effect is allow and the resource.
And that means the resource that this is applied to, is S3*.
So that means everything in S3.
So if you are granted this privilege by having this policy applied to you you would be able to list
all the buckets in S3 within this account.
So that's an example of what a policy looks like.
So you can then apply a policy to different ways.
One is identity based policies and the other is resource based policies.
So have an identity based policy you're applying the policy to a user a role or a group.
In the case of users and roles you can directly apply the policy and it's called an inline policy which
means that you write a statement or you write a policy specifically for this role is attached directly
to this role.
The same for the user and the other ways you can create a policy which is a stand alone policy which
can then be used by groups one or multiple groups.
And if you apply a policy to a group that means that every user in that group has that policy applied
to them.
In other words whatever is allowed or restricted through that policy will apply to the user who is a
member of that group.
So that's just a really high level overview of what resource based on identity based policies are.
And what I'm going to do now is we're going to go through some labs and we're just going to you do a few
different use cases for both identity based and resource based policies to show you how this actually
works.